## 04/7/2025

### Summary:
* Redesigned some of the layout (and renamed some things to simplify)  https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ncAmPZ-siARAbuOKce5822HwWyBCqII-jvZPaDD3iIg/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p
* Assigned roles to get started - Mitch and Tiffany starting UI. Chris and Ahmed to work on databases. Eric to work on backend as well, once we have front end in place.
### Actions:
* Still need to redesign Messages page - e.g. how find buddies and how connect with them.
* We'll start to meet twice per week until project is done. Let's target Wednesday evening for next meeting, same time.

## 03/30/2025

### Summary:
* We caught up and discussed their progress in the course since the week off for Spring Break.
* We reviewed the initial SQL_TESTING.md file that Mitchell created and reviewed the proposed schema.
### Actions:
* Team to attend office hours and clarify Milestone 5 requirements, specifically those surrounding test cases.
* Team to continue discussing and editing the SQL_TESTING.md file.
  * Each team member is responsible for the test cases associated with the page they designed in the last milestone.
  * Please monitor your emails on Wednesday for finalization of the assignment.
* Tiffany to submit the completed file by EoD Thursday.
* Mitchell to add these minutes to the status file in our repo.

## 03/10/2025

### Summary:
* We discussed our understanding of Lab 8 and shared a few ideas and things we learned from completing it.
* We reviewed the requirements of Milestone 4 and assigned tasks for completion of this by the due date (upcoming Thursday).
### Actions:
* Each team member to complete a page of the Web Page Design Document __-due Wednesday__
  * The document has already been created in the repo: [Page_Test.md](page_testing.md)
  * __Eric__ - Climber Search - "Find a Buddy"
  * __Tiffay__ - View My Buddies / Messages
  * __Christopher__ - Landing Page
  * __Mitchell__ - Profile Page
  * __Ahmed__ - The Crag
* __Mitchell__ to update Weekly_Status.md with minute from the week.
* __Tiffany__ to submit Milestone 4 on the group's behalf - __due Thursday__
* __Christopher, Tiffany__ to share clarifications from the office hours to the quetions below:
  * What parameters are required for milestone 4?
  * What type of 'login' functionality is required for milestone 4?
  * General questions regarding the requirements for each page.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## 03/03/2025

### Summary:
We conducted our weekly standup (notes below).
### Standup Notes:
* __What did the team work on last week?__
  * Tiffany moved her Figma work to the google slides for easier collaboration.
  * Chris added additional user stories to our project and worked on the initial schema for the database.
* __What will the team work on this week?__
  * Eric to update the web pages design slide deck on google drive.
  * Mitchell to begin thinking of adding Flask routes.
* __Do you have any blockers?__
  *	The team shared challenges with their understanding of APIs and the difficulty of this material.
### Upcoming:
* Exam 1 is due this Friday
* Milestone 4 will be due next week.
### Other Actions:
* Mitchell to update the status .md file with new minutes
* Eric and Mitchell to meed Wednesday at 6:00 MT to work on project activites
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## 02/24/2025

<img width="850" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4bdcab46-4736-4492-b7b4-e5195c5d31e9" />

### Summary:
We conducted our weekly standup (notes below).
### Standup Notes:
* __What did the team work on last week?__
  * Most team members spent their time on the lab/individual content.
  * Tiffany started drafting user stories and designing a prototype for the web pages layout using "Figma".
    * She noted a few additional features/enhancements that could be in scope for BelayBuddy, including:
      * Gear exchange
      * User weight for safe belaying (profile page)
      * Experience level (profile page)
  * Chris started identifying what data will need to be captured and added some user stories. 
* __What will the team work on this week?__
  * The team will continue to progress their individual work and explore gaps in their knowledge to ensure they are prepared for the group project.
  * Team members who have experience with rock climbing will contribute to user interviews, and Chris will check with rock climber friends about what functionality they would like.
  * Each team member will review the Figma file shared by Tiffany: https://www.figma.com/design/SOnJDH0yk6nr3qUDyMeQ7q/BelayBuddy-App?node-id=0-1&p=f
    * We will track additional changes and edits in Google Slides.
  * We will complete Project Milestone 4.
    * Eric has provided the weekly minutes (here).
    * Mitchell will add these minutes as well as a screenshot of the Trello board to the repo ReadMe.
    * Ahmed to add the updated project motivation to the repo ReadMe.
    * Tiffany will submit the assignment on behalf of the group.
* __Do you have any blockers?__
  * The team expressed some ambiguity about the project milestones and upcoming activities.
  * The team agreed that the instructions for Lab 6 are challenging to understand.
  * Christopher and Mitchell shared that they have tests for other classes this week.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## 02/17/2025

### Summary:
*	We conducted our weekly standup meeting with a short demo and a short retrospective.
### Standup Notes:
*	__What went well?__
  *	We created our project artifacts and project proposal!
  *	@Tiffany created our sprint calendar for weekly deliverables visibility. She also created a retro board to guide our retrospective discussions.
    *	@Tiffany to share the retro board (I do not believe I have seen the link yet).
  *	@Christopher helped develop our risk assessment and mitigation strategy.
  * @Ahmed helped identify our project tracking software (Trello).
  *	@Mitchell created our GitHub repo.
  *	@Eric helped develop the project idea in general and has continued to tracked our meeting minutes.
  *	All team members are excited about our project idea and the tools we will need to execute it!
* __What can be improved?__
  *	Our motivation statement can include more information about our problem statement and who it will benefit.
* __Any blockers?__
  * The team on the whole expressed a need to continue learning the relevant skills to develop our project.
  * The team expressed their interest and a potential challenge in learning how testing will be applied to our project.
* __Next steps?__
  *	(See actions below)
### Actions
* Update the Repo
  * @Mitchell to add the weekly minutes to a .md file in the repository:
    * See the previous two meeting minutes below.
  * @Ahmed to revisit the "Motivation" statement for our project via email and will take ownership of updating the readme.
* Each team member to submit the agile team meeting recording:
  * @Eric to add the recording to the project google drive.
    * Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oqqV5TTtbt3C50LVzT1xNXneNnTAhBZ7/view?usp=sharing
  * @Tiffany to submit the weekly assignment.
* Start thinking about user stories for future sprints (not due yet):
  * What will our users need?
  * What data points will we collect from them?
* Testing lab assignment, which will prepare us for testing our project.

### Next Meeting: 
  * Sunday, February 23rd @ 5:00 PM MT

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 02/09/2025

### Summary:
* We aligned on a meeting time for next week
  * Monday, February 17th @ 6:00 PM
* We conducted our standup meeting.
*	We worked on the project proposal (see below).
  * We need to agree on our project idea via voting on the Google Doc by EoD Monday.
    * Add your name to the bottom of the google document and list your 3 top picks in order.
      * As a reminder, 1st , 2nd , and 3rd picks will be worth 5, 3, and 1 points respectively.
  *We will then need to fill out the remaining bullets below for submission by 2/13.
 
### Project Proposal:
*	Project Title - 
*	Team # - 2
*	Team/Product Name - Burndown For What?
*	Team Members/GitID/Email:
  *	Tiffany Larue -  tiffanylarue - tiffanyllarue@gmail.com
  *	Christopher Taylor - Bockslunch - Christopher.r.taylor46@gmail.com
  *	Ahmed - ak3689 - ahmed.khan0470@gmail.com
  * Mitchell Avery - avery-mr - averymr2484@gmail.com
  * Eric McAfee - EricCMcAfee - eric.c.mcafee@gmail.com
*	Meeting time - Regularly on Sundays @ 5:00 PM MT
* Vision Statement - 
*	Motivation - To build a full stack web application that applies the course material including: authentication, a database, and a simple API.
*	Risks and Mitigation Strategy - 
*	Development Method - Scrum/Kanban - We will leverage a scrum approach to our meetings and development cadence with Kanban board to support organization of our work in progress.
*	Project Tracking Software Link (Trello) -  https://trello.com/b/5rAkctW2/burndown-for-what
*	GitHub Repo - 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 02/02/2025

### Summary:
* We aligned on our regular meeting time - __Sundays @ 5:00PM MT__
  * Each team member needs to share this with Professor Knox via private Piazza message per the readme instructions.
* We conducted our planning poker, assigned all user stories point values, and recorded the meeting.
  * Zoom link here for your submission details:
    * https://cuboulder.zoom.us/rec/share/5b8eg98KplXmPR1CoPJwDbk0tVpFbuApNB_V4jgyLTtq-KhVH6VMthV0ZaW--cWO.U7I0ATUMhRUCwExa
    * __Passcode: 7U*pawJ&__
* We completed our testing criteria for each user story
  * @Tiffany to share the finished .md document to the team for upload to our individual assignement repos on this thread.
* Each team member to share 1 project idea as a followup item to this thread.

### Topics for next week's meeting:
* Project idea discussion
* Trello board creation
* Discord channel creation or alternative means of communication
